V0.2.0 (#73)
ropensci-org/contributing-guidance: mtv_help.Rmd

## Help {#help}

One major motivation for contributing to rOpenSci is people’s desire to 
“give back” in appreciation of good software, good infrastructure, 
and a good community in which folks share their gratitude often and openly. 
The ways you can help are limitless. We encourage people to support others by 
sharing their experience or expertise. 

> Don’t underestimate the value of sharing your first-time experience doing a thing; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't underestimate the value of sharing your first-time experience doing a thing; 
```
